Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
Many moons have passed since the Imperial
Army went to war with the Hellhorde.
The royal princess, Commander
of the Imperial Third Legion,
ends up being taken prisoner
in the midst of fierce battle.
Submitted to all manners of
torture day in and day out,
she endures these indignities
without so much as a peep.
Pop
She reveals not the secrets
of the Royal Empire.
Dumb Face-o-Meter
Yes, by no means will she speak.
The princess does not give in.
No, she will never give in!
And so, the torture continues
today, yet again...
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Torture is away on a business trip,
and with no one in charge,
the torture is on break for today.
That Evening
Business trips are always a little tiring.
But the moment you change into
loungewear at the hotel,
and let your body sink into the bed...
It makes everything feel worth it.
Utter bliss.
I feel like I'm going to fall asleep.
I should eat something.
Ham & Cheese
Burrito
Red Kitsune Udon
Usually, I prepare balanced
meals for myself.
But today's an exception
since I'm away on business.
This secluded business hotel room is
a nice change from my own chamber.
It feels like it's okay
to let myself go here.
Time to eat.
Ham & Cheese
Burrito
First, this ham and cheese burrito.
You gently open it...
Then place a jumbo sausage
inside and wrap it back up.
Done!
A special ham, cheese, and sausage burrito!
Delicious.
It may be delicious, but it's
not a very refined meal,
so it's hard to tell others about it.
Red Kitsune Udon
Next, this cup udon.
Lately, I enjoy keeping the
lid on for a little longer,
so that the noodles end up softer.
Now for the fried tofu.
The broth that's soaked into
the tofu comes pouring out,
and it's a delight just to have in my mouth.
This tiny egg...
It's a mystery how they make it,
but it's tasty and goes
very well with the broth.
I also have some slightly fancy
pudding sitting in the fridge today.
Perhaps I went a little overboard.
Torture
enjoyed herself
Breakfast Buffet
Hours of Operation
I ate too much late night.
Let's eat a lot of vegetables for breakfast.
No bread or rice, for a healthy—
Honey butter rolls, fresh from the oven!
I don't have a choice if
they're fresh from the oven.
'Tis Time for "Torture,"
Princess
Sunday
What'd you say?!
His Majesty is injured?!
On Duty This Weekend
Chief Battle Officer
Bruse the Destroyer
Yes...
I hear he's received a minor
injury to his dominant hand.
His Majesty's defensive magic is
supposed to nullify all attacks!
Ah!
That reminds me, yesterday...
It was for an instant, but
I felt His Majesty's mana!
I thought I had imagined it...
but was he engaged in combat with someone?!
Someone who didn't even give him the
chance to cast a defensive spell?!
M-Most likely...
Who in the world was His Majesty up against?
Saturday,
the Day Prior
Yay!
Today is your first day as a pâtissière!
Let's make cookies!
I hope they end up being good.
It's your first time.
Don't worry about whether
they turn out well.
The important thing is that you try.
Even if you mess up, don't
think of it as having failed.
It's the first step to success.
I want everything to go well
the first time around!
Bam
Bam!
That's fair.
You'll be just fine.
We're here to help you.
Indeed.
The courage to seek help from others,
another necessary virtue.
Let's start by putting
the butter in the bowl.
Then what?
We wait about twenty minutes.
What?!
Right now, the butter is still too hard,
so we need to wait for it to melt a bit.
No way!
Geh-heh-heh.
Fear not.
Fire Magic: Demon's Heat!
What?!
That was His Majesty's mana just now!
It's perfectly melted now,
thanks to infernal heat.
Yay!
Thanks, Papa!
Time to add the powdered mix and eggs.
Cookie
Mix
Maomao-chan, do you know
how to break an egg?
No, it's still hard for me.
I can break them just fine!
One-handed, at that!
Bam
What?!
With one hand?!
Geh-heh-heh.
It's not a competition.
Let me teach you the simplest way.
Sure!
First, hit the egg against a flat surface.
That'll create a circular crack in the egg.
Latch onto it with your thumb,
then use your index and middle
fingers to hold the top end...
Now, bend your fingers back!
Magic?!
It's a skill.
Okay, now add the mix and beat it good!
Then roll it out nice and thin.
Let's cut out the shapes!
Yay!
Geh-heh-heh.
It's a teddy bear.
Huh?
What are you doing?
You're not using a cookie cutter?
I'm making the biggest cookie in the world!
What?!
What insatiable hunger!
She truly is my progeny.
No, when it comes to cookies,
she's already surpassed me.
That's my Maomao-chan!
Here, they're done baking!
Yay!
Lemme see!
Ah, wait!
The tray's still hot—
Hurry!
Are you alright?
Y-Yes.
Thank you.
Your hand!
I am the Hell-Lord!
This is but a minor burn for me.
Maomao-chan.
I understand your impatience,
but you need to be careful.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
It's all red!
Mama, get the freezy pack!
How's it feel?
All better now.
Geh-heh-heh.
Maomao-chan, you must be the
best doctor in the world.
Now then, we've made all these cookies.
Let's eat them while they're nice and warm!
The biggest cookie in the
world is the tastiest, too!
Mine came out just as good!
Geh-heh-heh.
Scrumptious. Absolutely scrumptious.
I'll gobble up every last one!
Ah, don't!
Geh-heh-heh!
Sunday,
Present Time
His Majesty's wound...
Who could be responsible?!
'Tis time for torture, Princess.
But first.
These are a gift from Princess Maomao-chan.
What? Maomao-chan?!
It seems she's made baked
goods for the first time.
Homemade?!
I'm so happy!
Why don't we open them now
and eat some together?
No, 'tis the time for torture now.
I must decline such undue acts of intimacy.
But handing over sweets is okay?
That's right.
Let's save it for after the torture.
Yes.
Once the torture's come to an
end, we cease to be enemies.
So there's no hard feelings in torture?
Now, as for today's torture...
'Tis tea.
Tea?
Indeed.
Our intelligence has uncovered the
fact that you're quite fond of tea.
I hear you enjoyed it to the
point of hosting tea parties.
Tea parties, huh?
That takes me back.
A fun event once or twice a year, where
I could forget about the battlefield.
It's true that I was a tea-loving
princess at those parties.
But too bad.
That was nothing more than
a diplomatic facade!
Actually, I love cola and lemon-lime soda!
That's sad to hear from
the princess of an empire.
After doing well in my lessons, Jimochi
would let me have some as an occasional treat.
I just drank tea on social occasions.
I wouldn't say I really liked it...
Hm?
You're warming up the pot first.
Looks like you know the
proper way to brew tea.
Preparing tea in the proper fashion
results in a far better taste.
Drool...
I wouldn't mind some tea after so long...
Your Highness?!
Why do you always blab on
and dig your own grave?!
What are you, a self-driving vehicle?!
How could I let my guard down?!
That said, today I have this!
Maomao-chan's homemade sweets!
You made a grave mistake by
giving this to me first!
I can cancel out my desire
for tea with some snacks!
Wow, look at these adorable cookies!
Mmm! They're great!
The joy of this mild sweet
sensation is filling my mouth!
Munch, munch, munch, munch...
Now I won't succumb to your torture.
A fatal mistake on your part!
Well, ideally, I'd love
a drink, and a warm...
Warm? Go on.
Y-You fiend!
This was your aim from the very start!
No, you simply brought
about your own demise.
I wasn't aware of what
baked goods she had made.
Remain calm, Your Highness!
You're Commander of the
Imperial Third Legion!
There's no way you'd be bested
by such weak temptation!
You're right.
I need to remember my days as a knight!
I only drank that tea at parties
as a way to socialize!
Think back!
Remember!
It's good, isn't it?
Thinking back on it, I really do love tea.
Your Highness?
The princess
confessed
This tea is the perfect palate cleanser,
and it brings out the
sweetness of the cookies!
I've received cookies from
Princess Maomao-chan as well.
Let's enjoy them together.
Yay!
What?
There's a mysterious treasure
buried in the royal cemetery?
Yes.
The princess has told all.
With that treasure, we can penetrate
the Imperial Army's defensive magic.
Geh-heh-heh.
We can't go defiling graves now.
'Tis Time for "Torture," Princess
Time for your torture, Princess!
You're...
Don't tell me you've forgotten who I am.
Of course I remember you.
Vanilla Peschutz.
What?!
We only met once, and
she remembered my name?
Harm-Marshal
Vanilla Peschutz
Hello?
H-Hmph!
Well, I suppose you couldn't forget the
daughter of the noble House of Peschutz!
Today will be different from last time.
I will have my revenge.
Quake and tremble in fear!
Today's torture is...
Cake!
Oh.
Huh?
And this is no ordinary cake.
Why, it's baked by yours truly!
A homemade cake, courtesy of the high-class
daughter of the noble House of Peschutz!
I made it all by myself, without
any help from Mama or Papa.
The moment you learn that it's handmade,
you'll be overcome with emotion
and burst into tears,
pleading for a bite of this cake.
A cake made by Lady Vanilla herself?
I want some!
Actually, this cake—
What a clumsy-looking cake.
Hey!
The frosting is all messy,
and the cake as a whole is lopsided.
And what's this strange object on top?
A real head-scratcher.
I-It's a penguin!
I-I see, so that's your plan.
Nitpicking at my cake to preempt my attack?
Hmph, how pointless.
Even if it looks a little clumsy,
once she finds out I made it, she's
bound to bow before its grandeur.
Yes, even if it's clumsy...
She's powerless before its grandeur!
Clumsy or not...
I tried so hard to make it, too...
What are you saying, Ex?
The presentation may be
a bit clumsy, but look.
The frosting holds its shape well.
That's proof that it's
been whipped with care.
There's a lot of frosting, which
was laid on thick with a spatula,
so it ended up looking lopsided as a whole.
But this is no sloppy craftsmanship.
They wanted plenty of that delicious
frosting to be enjoyed.
I'm sure that was why they kept
going back with that spatula.
Can't you feel the love of the
person who made this cake?
And look closely, Ex.
That's not a strange object.
It's an adorable penguin!
Prinshess!
This cake may look really tasty,
but I'm Commander of the
Imperial Third Legion.
This level of torture isn't
enough to make me give in!
Huh?!
What's gotten into you?!
Does your tummy hurt?
Nope.
Thanks, Princess.
You don't have to confess,
so please eat the cake.
Huh?
Why?!
H-How is it?
Mm! It's really good!
You really mean it?!
I'm a sacred blade...
Really!
The cake was
delicious
What?
Two failed tortures in a row?
From Vanilla Peschutz?
Yes.
A harm-marshal failing twice at torture...
It's a disgrace that puts
our dignity at stake.
I believe that some form
of action is needed here.
I suppose.
It's times like these that call
for a good support network.
The Way of the Hell-Lord.
Geh-heh-heh.
I'll get the worst stains off before
putting the dishes in the dishwasher.
The Way of the Hell-Lord, rule number one:
Take care of the dishes while
Mama puts Maomao-chan to bed.
Geh-heh-heh.
What?!
She's finally asleep.
I ended up reading to her
twelve times tonight.
Geh-heh-heh.
Sounds like she was a real bundle of energy.
Well done.
The Way of the Hell-Lord, rule number two:
Evening drinks are always a pleasure.
Geh-heh-heh.
Looks like this is coming up soon.
Pre-School News
This month's event is
the parent-child luncheon!
Please come and enjoy
lunch with your child at school!!
A parent-child luncheon.
Mm-hmm.
One guardian per household can join.
Lulune, you attended on both her
first and second year, didn't you?
The Way of the Hell-Lord, rule number three:
When alone, call Mama by her first name.
I sure did.
The parent-child luncheon
is always on a weekday.
You know, we can take paid time off
whenever we want in the Hellhorde.
Do you want to attend the
parent-child luncheon?
I do want to attend the
parent-child luncheon!
The Way of the Hell-Lord, rule number four:
Clearly state any and all opinions.
Parent-Child
Luncheon
Look, Papa!
I'm gonna eat my bell peppers!
What?!
See, told ya!
Geh-heh-heh.
Yes.
You always find a way to
surprise me, Maomao-chan.
Hellholm Pre-School
There's some more peppers
left, but you can have them.
Just this once.
What angelic kindness from a demon!
Created by ©Yozuki  |  #VisitUs  t.me/Yozukilk
That's my daughter for you!
Geh-heh-heh-heh!